---
title: "WP#2 Wrap-up "
date: 2017-12-04T00:32:00.001Z
author: "L. Barker"
---

For this week's project I read 3 books and enjoyed them all.

**When Breath Becomes Air** is an emotional and moving memoir by a highly recognized Stanford neurosurgeon Paul Kalanithi, who becomes sick with lung cancer and struggles with meaning in his last days of life. It was a beautiful, haunting, indispensable and compelling read. I say indispensable because I think we could all benefit from asking this question of ourselves: what is truly meaningful and worth living for? This book takes that on and more, and made me think a lot about this. I'm sure I will keep pondering the central message of this book, and for that I'm very grateful.

**The Happiness Of Pursuit** is a fun read by Chris Guillebeau about his quest to travel to every country in the world and great stories from scores of other people who had big, difficult quests in their lives. It is a book about big dreams and motivations to overcome hurdles. It also contains a lot of practical advice for folks of his ilk. It made me think about big lifetime goals and the value of commitment.

**Peak: Secrets from the New Science of Expertise** by Anders Ericsson and Robert Pool, is about smashing the myths surrounding high achievers and the research behind all the conclusions. I think this work is a critically important for anyone interested in education, skill development and the realized aspiration of high achievement. It is absolutely going to inform my learning and development goals from here going forward.
